#ShodanScraper by yours truly IpDowned

1) Change your exploit to search for (line 5 shodan.py)
2) install dependecies: 
	pip install requests
3) change the exploit (line 5 shodan.py), run scraper: python shodan.py > output.txt
4) run the ip scraper: sh ip.sh > ip.txt
5) the output will be saved in the file ip.txt
6) to create a range list run: python ranges.py > output2.txt
7) scrape all the ranges: sh iprange.sh > ranges.txt
8) the output file will be ranges.txt


LISTEN RETARD:

After installing dependecies run the command "python shodan.py > output.txt" now its not gonna show anything but if u refresh the folder u will see a "output.txt" and after refreshing every 5 min u will see the txt size increase.

Keep it going till it stops it gonna be like 2hrs bc range high. Don't worry about changing any exploits I already have it as Telnet and if u try and sell this fucking scraper I will hit ur home pussy ;).

Before doing the "python ranges.py > output2.txt you need to check to see if all the ips are alive.

Open the notepad named "ip.txt" copy those ips and make another notepad paste and save as "fping.txt"

Either use the same vps or another one it don't matter if its a shit vps it will do.

Take the fping.txt and put it in the vps ur choosing to add the ip checker

now run the following commands:

sudo apt-get update -y 

cat fping.txt

fping < fping.txt

You will start to see it tell you if the ip are alive wait till it gets done should take a long time depending on your file size now after its done u need to copy all of the live ips.

Now open up Subline and paste all the live ips now highlight over the word "alive" press ctrl + f click find all and backspace to remove the word do the same with the word "is".

Now that u have a clean list of live ips go back to the shodan scrapper vps and replace all the old ips in the txt file "ip.txt" with the new live ips.

After that run python ranges.py > output2.txt its not gonna show anything again just refresh the folder and u will see the size go up like in the output.txt file. Run it till it stops then run sh iprange.sh > ranges.txt same thing run 
till it stops then you will see a ranges.txt now your are done repeat the process retard but before u do that delete the following txt files

output.txt

ip.txt

output2.txt

ranges.txt

FUCK YOU!!!!

